README.md, before:

# SPI Client Windows [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/joflawbb90p1dv6j?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/AssemblyPayments/spi-client-windows) [![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/SPIClient.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/SPIClient/)

This is the Windows Client Library for Assembly Payments' In-Store Integration.

**Note:** Source code for this library is not available yet. For now, you can download binaries via NuGet or from the [releases](https://github.com/AssemblyPayments/spi-client-windows/releases) section. The full source will be published in the near future.

# Disclaimer

This source code is provided “as is“ or “as available“ and Assembly makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the source code, that the source code will meet your requirements, or that this source code will be error-free. Assembly expressly disclaims any and all express and implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Assembly does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for this source code.   

In no event shall Assembly be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this source code, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

Commit message:

Organisation rename from Assembly to mx51

README.md, after:

# SPI Client Windows [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/joflawbb90p1dv6j?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mx51/spi-client-windows) [![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/SPIClient.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/SPIClient/)

This is the Windows Client Library for mx51's In-Store Integration.

**Note:** Source code for this library is not available yet. For now, you can download binaries via NuGet or from the [releases](https://github.com/mx51/spi-client-windows/releases) section. The full source will be published in the near future.

# Disclaimer

This source code is provided “as is“ or “as available“ and mx51 makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the source code, that the source code will meet your requirements, or that this source code will be error-free. mx51 expressly disclaims any and all express and implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, mx51 does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for this source code.   

In no event shall mx51 be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this source code, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
